Add an RFC to close out the RFC process. (#335)
chef/chef-rfc: new/rfc_closure.md

## Motivation

    As a community member,
    I want to a single governance system for all Chef projects,
    so that I don't have to learn unique per project standards.

    As a Chef employee,
    I want to a simpler system to collaborate on design ideas,
    so that I can take feedback and concerns for even minor changes.

    As a contributor,
    I want to a system with tiered levels of commitment,
    so that I can take on the level of commitment right for me.

    As a user,
    I want to know the state of a repository and the response time I should expect,
    so that I can decide if it's appropriate to use.

## Specification

This PR closes out the Chef RFC process in favor of the processes outlined in our [Chef-OSS-Practices](https://github.com/chef/chef-oss-practices) repository. Those processes apply to not only Chef, but also InSpec, Habitat, and now Automate, which gives a single governance and community contract to all projects maintained by Chef Software.

> Once this RFC is accepted teams will beging the process of implementing the guidelines, which occurs the project level and also the repository level within projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once this RFC is accepted teams will begin the process of implementing the guidelines, which occurs at the project level and also the repository level within projects.
```
